i would wake up and you would be there, perhaps having woken up just before me, 
you're still half asleep then. i dont really want to get out of bed, i never do.
but you know this, bc you know me. you grab me by the arm and tug me along. im
obviously hesitant but i still get up anyway.

you go ahead and take a shower while i find my way to the kitchen. we dont have
any bowls, they all either broke or we left them behind at our old place. i dont
think we really thought ahead when we moved, we just sort of rolled with it.
neither of us really wanted to look to the future. it never works out, not for
either of us, and the fact that we either break up or die together doesnt really
leave much incentive to think much abt our future together. but all weve got are
some disposable bowls. i grab the cheerios off the top of the fridge and the
milk from inside it. i poor myself a bowl, cereal first then milk, apparently
this is just normal. the spoons are all metal, i leave one in a bowl for you on
the other side of the table, it tips over.

you get out of the shower, ive already eaten a bowl, i poor myself another and
one for you too. we talk about our days ahead. you were just assigned to a new
project at work, you're excited but nervous, not too worried as youve worked
with a lot of the people on it before. ive got the day off, so i planned to go
get the groceries for the next couple weeks, maybe while im out ill buy some new
bowls. we both agree that the bowls are a good idea. i say i want square bowls.
i always want square bowls, i just like square dishes. you let me, you know you
dont care as much as i apparently do and you let me have this one thing.

you check your phone, realizing you need to get going. theres a bit of milk left
in your bowl. the spoon tips it over again. it doesnt spill, but it does get
close, maybe a bit splashes onto the table as the bowl tips, but it settles. ill
clean it up, you have to get going and i know this. i empty it out in the sink,
ive finished my bowl and leave the spoons in a cup full of soapy water in the
sink. we have a dishwasher but id forgotten, not like theres much use in it if
all we have is silverware anyway. as im finishing wiping the table down, you
come back to give me a quick kiss before leaving. its nothing passionate but we
both know we each mean it.

once youre gone i feel the loneliness again, just a bit, but i know youll be
back at the end of the day.

youll be back at the end of the day, right?